SMALL SCALE GAME DESIGN PROJECT PROPOSAL
One part of ICT 11/12 is that you must design a program/game on your own.  Before you begin you must have a fully developed proposal for what you aim to complete for your program/game approved by Mr. Jamieson.  Remember to be realistic in your proposal.  Many programs/games take many months to develop and use multiple experts to do so.  You should aim to be able to have yours built in 3 - 4 weeks.  Also remember that you are learning many of these skills along the way; don’t expect to get it right the first time around.  Be sure to document your work as you go through including comments in your code.  When you run into problems, think of different ways that you can come up with the solution that will benefit you and help you grow as a learner.  
Your proposal must include the following items:


1.	The people that you will be collaborating with (if applicable).
Mac Craig x Liam Stewart

2.	The name and style of the program/game that you are aiming to create (ie – Creative/Unique Name; Racing Style game).
Text based adventure game

3.	A description of the purpose of the game/program.  What will the user of the game/program experience when using it?  Why would someone want to play/use your game/program?
The user will be imersed in the journey of walking to school. 

4.	A fully detailed explanation of how your game/program would work.  This must be written out in either point form or paragraph form.  You need to think through all the details of your game.  If I feel like you have left something out or not gone into enough detail you will have to rework this section.
It is written in Java and will be made to run in the command line. 

5.	A description of how a user would interact with your program/game.  (How will that play it/use it?  Is it mouse control or keyboard control? Are they playing against a time, opponent, self, score? Etc…)
They will use simple key input like (Y) and (N) or (1,2,3). You are not playing against enemies, you play alone, and you attempt to progress yourself through the story line of the game. 

6.	A top-down approach to the concept behind your game/program (ie – what is the main goal first and then break that down into sections).
The main goal is to provide an adventure that differs based on what path you chose. We want the game to have many paths that the player can chose, and each path will have a completely different responce, which gives the game more depth. 

7.	A visual breakdown of the logic behind how your game/program will operate (Flowcharts are a good option here or pseudocode).


8.	A brief timeline of when you expect to have certain parts/checkpoints of your project complete.  
Once your project is approved you can begin working on it.  
We want to be done a few days (atleast) before the due date of the project, but I would be happy to be done a few weeks early.
